- When deleting an account, the second modal opens on top of the first modal and duplicates the backdrop. Also happens when deleting transactions.
- When deleting an account, the confirmation modal should have a red button (destructive action). Also happens when deleting transactions.
- When adding an account, the input field shows the 1Password popup. This should only happen with login fields
- When adding an account, the button should have a descriptive text like 'Add account' instead of a generic 'Submit'.
- When adding or editing a transaction, the input field should only support 2 digits, not more. Also, it should format the number into a local valuta format, (e.g. 1.000.000,00 instead of 1000000, the latter makes it very hard to read and easy to make mistakes)
- When looking at the dashboard, the graph only shows the option 'Year', but I want to compare longer periods. It should support common financial periods: 1W, MTD, 1M, 3M, YTD, 1Y, All. All should start at the date of the first transaction (or today if it's in the future). Only take the selected scenarios into account, so in this view only the baseline (no-scenario). A custom option would be nice too.
- When selecting accounts to include in the graph, the buttons are not clear. Instead, create a centered legend with a small dot and the name. These are clickable to toggle on off. When deselected they should have a low opacity.
- When changing the period in the graph, there's a very slow transition. Instead, clear the graph and draw it again (like when the site opens, you see the line drawing from left to right)
- When creating a transaction, I would like to add a new scenario inline. This could be the last option in the dropdown.
- When looking at the account detail, transactions in a scenario should have a clear mark, like an icon. I should also be able to select a scenario. Save the selected scenario globally, so it will stay selected on different pages.
- When creating a transaction, I want to change positive and negative amounts with a toggle instead of having to type a minus sign.
- When viewing the the plan page, I should also be able to select 'no scenario'.
- When viewing the plan page, I want to see the baseline + the selected scenario as separate lines so I can compare the effect of the scenario to 'doing nothing'. I might want to compare multiple scenarios, so a picker that can select which scenario's to include in the graph could be a good future proof solution.
- The page title and main call to actions (on Planning: sceanrio piccker + button) should be in the top bar of the website, next to the toggle icon
- When the sidebar is open, the close toggle should be inside of the sidebar. Add a page title ('Net worth') and position the toggle float to the right of that. When it's closed, the open toggle should be on the current place
