- When entering the app without any data, it's not clear what I should do. There should be a main cta 'Create your first account'
- When creating an account, it's not clear that the opening balance field is optional and I can change this later.
- When looking at the Planning tab, while having entered multiple starting balances on today (feb 13, 2026), when I change the date range to 1 jan 2026 - 1 may 2026, the net worth displayed on for example jan 5 is not 0 but the value as on feb 13
- When creating an account for my investments, I expect a certain return (for instance, 8% yearly on a ETF account). I would like to see this reflected in the planning tab.
- When looking at the sidebar, I would like to see the total net worth next to 'Accounts' and the value of each account next to that account. This could be in a summarized format (for instance 100K instead of 100.243,23). To make room the sidebar could be bigger. Creating a new account could be changed to a muted link at the bottom of the list of accounts, this enables removing the plus in favor of the net worth)
- When entering the historic value of accounts (for instance, last year january 1sts the value was 100.000, this year january 1st it was 120.000), I would like to fill in the value itself and let the app calculate the adjustment transaction, instead of me doing the calculation myself.
- When looking at the Planning page, and there are no sceanrios, the scenario picker should not show. The same goes for the account detail
- When looking at the Planning page, and there are no accounts, the account picker should not show.
- The data is now stored in LocalStorage, but we want to make a proper storage solution with a database. A technical constraint is that we should make it easy to be able to run multiple worktrees with their own storage at the same time during development.
- When developing on a new worktree, the app has no data, leading to a lot of manual work during testing. I would like to have the app seeded with data so testing will be easier
- Postive: the app has an intuitive and easy look and feel right now.